okay a double for work yeah actually
spend the whole time to prepare some
painful idea i mean just not to end up
like against the maxim and talk Illini
this one which was also quite um yeah
it's just burn print effort but ur day
and I was a anger on prepared for this
setup and okay I mean I had this old
idea that this language we got this
night's end game
might be some some smaller
Brussels bets yeah I mean it's just so
ruchi 8 whims of Austin you have up your
asses for today to today yeah we know k
not I mean I there are some other
positions that are on my analysis board
today so it's not entire like I hope
okay then the dead excellent preparation
not just not yeah yeah which okay it's
not like I mean you know kasparov has
shown great vibration he was winning the
games this is a great preparation and
corporations fell down to us yeah well
it Casper was introduced to hold your
positions in bright as well yeah he
wasn't he was staying for that normally
but basically what I'm trying to say is
that the integration I mean in this
evolution doesn't bring much davidon
success the drawer so and even that is
also easy
I mean I was quite embarrassed to unless
I send game to a draw because that I
should give myself some space to make
humans but I should have probably less
room because yeah huh it took to be
honest I just came back from this one
with are you tell you begins no I mean I
some smaller ones out here I mean okay I
bring two maybe three first time all
right yeah but actually a tree what
about that I wasn't sure about this a
545 what this one isn't this might be
right not sure if it's a draw or not ice
I might be wrong but yeah this isn't
going to change check it's a profit or
not so I mean number to be about 3 a 4 I
mean is it something like this possible
because it's kinda be better for blacks
and then they are many like him also
yeah not sure about this alone yeah I
Nikki play before we see some kink
difficult probably
okay great I don't exactly know well
probably he looking simply take taken
night-night extreme I mean you will take
this one yeah no I mean I just asked
from because otherwise there is nothing
than taking yeah because this position
yeah this will I was little bit tricky
because the eighth i was kinda maybe
maybe more at five percent because for
example one more biz days then what you
do is you in case for this in if this
and f5 take in the fire king buffet girl
so I mean move okay so yeah not sure but
leave this possibly something like this
yo do something slightly unpleasant or
if i play example might be three then
like g6 I mean might be some sort of
yeah the problem is if I go here there
is this and like be seven and this could
be very bad position
but I thought you could actually go
kinky d so many days mr. take over
Helena this problem is 0 so I thought
know how are you should prob'ly
battalions oh for sure composer get
tricky so okay I to show some precision
because here the idea is that yeah
there's this bonus for is vulnerable
because example in this kind of position
I can basically never take it because
the night is trapped okay why would play
Nexus 6 thing but only for porn is a bit
more vulnerable so sensible okay I think
we leave it there yes we have a queue of
players waiting for very exciting gave
you a very exciting bits they use is it
thanks very much